This assignment aims to measure the effects of sales promotions on sales, with a focus on estimating a descriptive model that examines the own and cross effects of price promotions for the brand with the highest market share. Based on this criterion, Brand 2 was selected from 11 brands for analysis. We developed three models progressively, introducing new variables at each stage to assess their impact. For model 1, we initially selected variables for Brand 2 based on primary analyses, such as correlation tests. We found that promotion variables, such as the promotion dummy for the brand, had significant positive effects on sales. For model 2, the cross-brand variables for Brands 3, 4, 5, and 8 were added (as other brands had too many missing values), which improved model performance, as seen in the R-squared and Durbin-Watson statistics. For model 3, cross-store dummy variables were introduced, significantly enhancing the model with a higher R-squared and improved DW values. Building on Model 3, we incorporated time series analysis to further refine the model, splitting the dataset for prediction analysis.Our findings show that special packages and promotional activities had a substantial impact on Brand 2’s sales. Additionally, cross-brand promotions influenced sales, and promotions were more effective in high-sales stores, indicating that larger stores should be a focus. However, the model's predictive accuracy for Brand 2 was limited, likely due to missing variables and performance differences across stores. Further store-specific analysis is recommended to improve results.
